(Typo): Update README.md (#5655)
recognai/rubrix: README.md

### Improve your AI output quality through data quality

> Computational resources are expensive, and output quality is important. We help you focus on data, which tackles the root cause of both of these problems at once. Argilla helps you to **achieve and keep high-quality standards** for your data. This means you can improve the quality of your AI output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compute is expensive and output quality is important. We help you focus on data, which tackles the root cause of both of these problems at once. Argilla helps you to **achieve and keep high-quality standards** for your data. This means you can improve the quality of your AI output.
```

The community uses Argilla to create amazing open-source [datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets?library=library:argilla&sort=trending) and [models](https://huggingface.co/models?other=distilabel).

- [Cleaned UltraFeedback dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/ultrafeedback-binarized-preferences-cleaned) used to fine-tune the [Notus](https://huggingface.co/argilla/notus-7b-v1) and [Notux](https://huggingface.co/argilla/notux-8x7b-v1) models. The original UltraFeedback dataset was curated using Argilla UI filters to find and report a bug in the original data generation code. Based on this data curation process, Argilla built this new version of the UltraFeedback dataset and fine-tuned Notus, outperforming Zephyr on several benchmarks.

> - [distilled Intel Orca DPO dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/distilabel-intel-orca-dpo-pairs) used to fine-tune the [improved OpenHermes model](https://huggingface.co/argilla/distilabeled-OpenHermes-2.5-Mistral-7B). This dataset was built by combining human curation in Argilla with AI feedback from distilabel, leading to an improved version of the Intel Orca dataset and outperforming models fine-tuned on the original dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [distilabel Intel Orca DPO dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/distilabel-intel-orca-dpo-pairs) used to fine-tune the [improved OpenHermes model](https://huggingface.co/argilla/distilabeled-OpenHermes-2.5-Mistral-7B). This dataset was built by combining human curation in Argilla with AI feedback from distilabel, leading to an improved version of the Intel Orca dataset and outperforming models fine-tuned on the original dataset.
```
